Update configuring-metricbeat.asciidoc (#60857)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/monitoring/configuring-metricbeat.asciidoc

.. Add the `username` and `password` settings to the {es} module configuration
file. 

> .. Add `ssl` related setting. By default ssl is disabled when the ssl section is missing. If Elastic security features are enabled, you must explicitly add {metricbeat-ref}/configuration-ssl.html[ssl section] to allow metricbeat to communicate to the host. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Add `ssl` settings. By default, TLS/SSL is disabled when these settings are missing. If Elastic {security-features} are enabled, you must explicitly {metricbeat-ref}/configuration-ssl.html[configure SSL] to allow {metricbeat} to communicate to the host. 
```

Reviewer 2: Per @tvernum's comment, I think we should amend this section to say something like:

> If TLS is enabled on the HTTP layer of your Elasticsearch cluster, you must either use `https` as the URL scheme in the `hosts` setting or add the `ssl.enabled: true` setting. Depending on the TLS configuration of your Elasticsearch cluster, you may need to specify {metricbeat-ref}/configuration-ssl.html[additional `ssl.*`] settings.
